README.md, before:

# Gallery of Horns

A React-based gallery app which displays horned animals.

## Author: [Jeffrey Jenkins](https://github.com/jeffreyjtech)

## Links and Resources

- Used various Bootstrap docs:
  - [Boostrap Utility docs](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.1/utilities/api/) for sizing, border, margin and padding styling.
  - [Bootstrap Grid doc](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/layout/grid/) for setting up the card grid.

## Reflections

### Lab 01 reflection

- Thanks to following along with Ryan's demo, I didn't find this to be too hard.
- At first I had issues with the unneeded code added by React and some missing statements but once I addressed those, building the components was a pretty quick process.

### Lab 02 reflection

- These features weren't too bad to implement. Features 1 and 2 were quite easy as we had been demo'd it in class and I followed along at the time.
- Feature 3 took longer since I had to take time to learn new bootstrap features, like cards, containers, rows, and the bootstrap styling utility.

### Lab 03 reflection

- This took much longer than I expected, today was an off-day in terms of my coding proficiency.
- It took a large amount of time to understand how best to move data between components, then even more time to troubleshoot my Modal component which, in the end, was just missing its "show" property.

## Time Estimates

### Lab 02 time estimates

1. **Feature #1: Display images**
    - Estimate of time needed to complete: 30 minutes
    - Start time: 3:23 PM
    - Finish time: 3:45 PM
    - Actual time needed to complete: 22 minutes
2. **Feature #2: Allow users to vote for their favorite beast**
    - Estimate of time needed to complete: 30 minutes
    - Start time: 3:45 PM
    - Finish time: 3:55 PM
    - Actual time needed to complete: 10 minutes
3. **Feature 3: Bootstrap**
    - Estimate of time needed to complete: 60 minutes
    - Start time: 4:03 PM
    - Finish time: 4:47 PM
    - Actual time needed to complete: 44 minutes

### Lab 03 time estimates

1. **Feature #1: Display a Modal**
    - Estimate of time needed to complete: 60 minutes
    - Start time: 5:40 PM
    - Finish time:  7:30 PM
    - Actual time needed to complete: 110 minutes

Commit message:

Improved lab 03 relfections with more thoughts and info

README.md, after:

# Gallery of Horns

A React-based gallery app which displays horned animals.

## Author: [Jeffrey Jenkins](https://github.com/jeffreyjtech)

## Links and Resources

- Used various Bootstrap docs:
  - [Boostrap Utility docs](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.1/utilities/api/) for sizing, border, margin and padding styling.
  - [Bootstrap Grid doc](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/layout/grid/) for setting up the card grid.

## Reflections

### Lab 01 reflection

- Thanks to following along with Ryan's demo, I didn't find this to be too hard.
- At first I had issues with the unneeded code added by React and some missing statements but once I addressed those, building the components was a pretty quick process.

### Lab 02 reflection

- These features weren't too bad to implement. Features 1 and 2 were quite easy as we had been demo'd it in class and I followed along at the time.
- Feature 3 took longer since I had to take time to learn new bootstrap features, like cards, containers, rows, and the bootstrap styling utility.

### Lab 03 reflection

- This took much longer than expected but more than half of the elapsed 110 minutes was spent on learning how to pass data between components, helping a classmate with their code, and taking a tea break.
- I ended up spending a good bit of the remaining time troubleshooting my modal component. It wouldn't appear at all! In the end, it was just missing its "show" property.

## Time Estimates

### Lab 02 time estimates

1. **Feature #1: Display images**
    - Estimate of time needed to complete: 30 minutes
    - Start time: 3:23 PM
    - Finish time: 3:45 PM
    - Actual time needed to complete: 22 minutes
2. **Feature #2: Allow users to vote for their favorite beast**
    - Estimate of time needed to complete: 30 minutes
    - Start time: 3:45 PM
    - Finish time: 3:55 PM
    - Actual time needed to complete: 10 minutes
3. **Feature 3: Bootstrap**
    - Estimate of time needed to complete: 60 minutes
    - Start time: 4:03 PM
    - Finish time: 4:47 PM
    - Actual time needed to complete: 44 minutes

### Lab 03 time estimates

1. **Feature #1: Display a Modal**
    - Estimate of time needed to complete: 60 minutes
    - Start time: 5:40 PM
    - Finish time:  7:30 PM
    - Actual time needed to complete: 110 minutes
